sharingD3D10Incdoesn't exist
clCreate_memflagsIncdoesn't exist
relationalFunctionsInc3doesn't exist
commonFunctionsIncdoesn't exist
vectorFunctionsIncdoesn't exist
relationalFunctionsInc2doesn't exist
gl_syncIncdoesn't exist
mathFunctionsIncdoesn't exist
imageMappingIncdoesn't exist
buildOptionsIncdoesn't exist
mediaSurfaceFormatsIncdoesn't exist
geometricFunctionsIncdoesn't exist
relationalFunctionsGENdoesn't exist
relationalFunctionsUGENdoesn't exist
gl_lifetimeIncdoesn't exist
relationalFunctionsIGENdoesn't exist
relationalFunctionsInc1doesn't exist
imageFunctionsIncdoesn't exist
sharingD3D11Incdoesn't exist
integerFunctionsIncdoesn't exist
qualifierIncdoesn't exist
qualifierExampleIncdoesn't exist
vectorHalfFunctionsIncdoesn't exist
gl_formatsIncdoesn't exist
accessMappedIncdoesn't exist